feat(content-utils): Add `seedCollections` utility (#99)
Fryuni/inox-tools: .changeset/clean-glasses-sit.md

---
"@inox-tools/content-utils": patch
---

> Add `seedCollections` utility and `seedTemplate` option to `injectContent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `seedCollections` utility and `seedTemplateDirectory` option to `injectCollections`.
```
